| Key          | Value                                                                                                           |
| ------------ |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 05/03/2024                                                                                                      |
| Time:        | 16:45 - 17:45                                                                                                   |
| Location:    | Drebbleweg                                                                                                      |
| Chair        | Sebastian Mustață                                                                                               |
| Minute Taker | Teodor Mocanu                                                                                                   |
| Attendees:   | Mario Nicolae <br/>Mihai Nicolae<br/>Matei Dumitrescu<br/>Matej Kliment<br/>Teodor Mocanu</br>Sebastian Mustață |

Agenda Items:
- Anouncements by the TA (2 min)
    - The TA announced the BuddyCheck deadline and that the feedback for weeks 2 and 3 was uploaded to brighspace
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
    - There were no additions to the agenda.
- Check-in:
    - How is everyone doing? How are you doing with the midterms? (2 min)
        - Sebastian checked up on the whole team and asked how everyone was, and how well they were prepared for the midterms. Overall feedback was enthusiastic, everybody seems to be holding up well.
    - Progress checkup: Can we all summarize what has been done in the past week? (3 min)
        - Teodor and Sebastian presented the new commons class structure
        - Matei started working on the Admin page.
        - Matej coded the first endpoints and implemented some demo functionality.
        - Mario started working on Invitation page.
        - Mihai coded improvements to the Starter Page.
            - What is the current state with the UI? If needed, discuss what issues we are facing? (3 min)
                - All pages where present and linked except the Event Overview page, which was still in progress, and the Open Debts page, which was not started yet.
    - Presenting the TA our progress (3 min)
        - A small demo was run, showing the current frontend flow and backend structure of the application. Feedback received was positive.
    - Did any issues occur? (2 min)
        - No notable issues were encountered by any team members.
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
    - Go over the current commons structure (8 min)
        - This had already been presented. However, the team further discussed implementing Tags.
            - Plan refactorings accordingly and create milestones
                - No milestones were created during the meeting, and they were left for later.
    - What endpoints are we going to use for the database? (8 min)
        - We have the entities: Event, Expense, Participant, Debt
            - Team members were assigned endpoints for each class, as follows:
                - Event: Matej
                - Expense: Mihai
                - Participant: Teodor
                - Debt: Mario
    - Talk about the checkstyle (4 min)
        - The team agreed uncommenting the checkstyle was a priority, to prevent further unnecessary work. This task was assigned to Sebastian.
    - Discuss next steps: Planning + Splitting tasks (4 min)
        - This was mostly discussed in the previous points. In addition, Matei was assigned to keep working on the Admin page.
            - Discuss what is the next step interface-wise
                - The Open Debts page was decided to be implemented, along with a page to allow for server selection.
- Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (2 min)
    - The only addition here was that the Tags and the remaining class structure should be implemented by friday, so the team can then start working on the endpoints.
- Planning next meeting (1 min)
    - Nothing of significance was discussed here.
- Choosing the next chair and minute taker (1 min)
    - Chair: Mario
    - Minute Taker: Mihai
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (1 min)
    - All team members agree that the time management for the next week should be improved. Otherwise, the meeting was productive.
- Closure (0 min)
    - The meeting was adjourned at 17:30.

