
| Key          | Value                                                                                                               |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Date:        | 26/03/2024                                                                                                          |
| Time:        | 16:45 - 17:45                                                                                                       |
| Location:    | Drebbleweg                                                                                                          |
| Chair        | Mihai Nicolae                                                                                                       |
| Minute Taker | Matei Dumitrescu                                                                                                    |
| Attendees:   | Matei Dumitrescu<br/>Matej Kliment<br/>Teodor Mocanu<br/>Sebastian Mustață<br/>Mihai Nicolae<br/>Mario Nicolae<br/> |
Agenda Items:
- Anouncements by the TA (2 min)
	- prodcut pitch is on thursday
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
	- No 
- Check-in:
  - How is everyone doing? How are you doing in Q3? (1 min)
	  - studying for the endterms is hard for all of us but we are managing
  - Progress checkup: Can we all summarize what has been done in the past week? (3 min)
	  - sebi finished invitation using gmail, fixed language on all scenes, minute taker docs split from chair docs
	  - mario continued to work on open detbs, now with also mihai started working on open debts
	  - teo worked on event overview, which is now almost done. also some other important features like editing participants, participant and event endpoints
	  - matej implementeed long polling for starter page, edit title for event 
	  - mihai worked on tests for the debt controller and implemented a proper most recent event history 
	  - matei worked on admin page features and get all events endpoint
  - Presenting the TA our progress (3 min)
- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision-making/ discuss)
  - Talk about HCI (3 min)
	  - decided to make a high contrast mode for colors section
	  - add an info screen for keyboard shorcuts and make some shortcuts besides ENTER and ESC
	  - add an event log, each client can undo local changes, add confirmation for deleting (and editing events)
  - How much progress is there with the long-polling and web sockets? Are there any problems? (5 min)
	  - long polling should also be implemented in admin
  - Discuss internal server error bug when trying to add an expense from the app (7 min)
	  - decided for fix it in a meeting 
  - Creating a new milestone for this week (3 min)
	  - do some tests (properly test controllers and scenes)
	  -  test the endpoints 
	  - implement checking and error throwring for unintended behaviour by the user 
  - Talk about Implemented Features and Product Pitch (5 min)
	  -   we decided to have 2 meetigs until thursday this week, in order to get all the basic featurs done to pass the implemented features 
  - Discuss next steps: Planning + Splitting tasks (5 min)
    - we used the milestones on gitlab for establishing implementation goals
	    - the description for each milestones explain the features that it includes 
	    - but actually split the task in the meeting tomorrow - online 
  - Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (3 min)
	  - we will decide this in depth at the next meeting
  - Planning next meeting (1 min)
	  - wensday evening, online
  - Choosing the next chair and minute taker (1 min)
	  - next chair is Matei, next minute-taker is Matej
  - Feedback round: What went well and how can we improve? (1 min)
  - Closure (0 min)
